docs/src/en/about.md, before:

# About Meeting Media Manager (M³) {#about-meeting-media-manager-m3}

![M³ banner](./../assets/m3-banner.png)

## What is this app? {#what-is-this-app}

**Meeting Media Manager**, or **M³** for short, is an app for Windows, macOS and Linux, that automatically downloads pictures and videos that will be considered during congregation meetings of Jehovah's Witnesses, in any language found on the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

It features support for managing regular and custom meeting media, and support for multiple congregations and/or groups using the same computer account.

::: info Note

M³ used to be known as JWMMF (JW Meeting Media Fetcher), but was renamed in May 2022.

:::

## Why choose M³? {#why-choose-m3}

M³ is the ultimate tool for managing meeting media, offering a seamless, reliable, and feature-rich experience across platforms.

### Key benefits {#key-benefits}

- **Effortless media presentation**: Presenting media at its finest — just open M³ and everything works. No complex setup or extra steps required.

- **Multi-congregation support**: Manage settings for multiple congregations or groups easily within a single application.

- **Advanced features**: Easily add extra media, and automatically share what goes on at the Kingdom Hall with participants on Zoom.

- **Optimized cross-platform performance**: Enjoy a smooth and responsive experience on Windows, macOS, and Linux, even on older systems or computers with limited resources.

- **Reliable and stable**: Built to perform when you need it most. Encounter a bug? Report it, and it will be addressed promptly.

## What can M³ do? {#what-can-m3-do}

In short, M³ allows you to easily and automatically download, synchronize, share and present all meeting media.

For **hybrid** or **in-person** congregation meetings, the integrated media presentation mode has all the features needed to simplify the task of sharing media with the congregation, including:

- Media thumbnails with the ability to zoom and pan, as well as set custom start and end times for media
- Easy-to-use pause/play/stop buttons to manage playback of media files
- Easy background music playback, with automatic stop before the start of regularly scheduled meetings
- Automatic external monitor recognition and management
- OBS Studio integration with automatic scene switching during media presentation
- Presenting the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses website on an external monitor
- Import JWPUB files, JWLPLAYLIST files, videos from the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses, and media for public talks from the S-34 file in a few clicks.
- Custom videos, pictures, audio files and even PDF files can be easily imported too!

**Give M³ a try today and see for yourself what it can do! Presenting media at congregation meetings has never been easier.**

![M³ preview](./../assets/m3-preview.png)

## Does M³ work in my language? {#does-m3-work-in-my-language}

**Yes!** Media for meetings of Jehovah's Witnesses can be automatically downloaded in any of the hundreds of language that are available on the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses. The list of available languages is dynamically updated; all you need to do is select which one you need.

In addition, M³ itself has been translated into several languages by many volunteers; you can therefore configure the language you would like to be displayed in M³'s interface.

Commit message:

docs: add Bible import features to docs

docs/src/en/about.md, after:

# About Meeting Media Manager (M³) {#about-meeting-media-manager-m3}

![M³ banner](./../assets/m3-banner.png)

## What is this app? {#what-is-this-app}

**Meeting Media Manager**, or **M³** for short, is an app for Windows, macOS and Linux, that automatically downloads pictures and videos that will be considered during congregation meetings of Jehovah's Witnesses, in any language found on the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

It features support for managing regular and custom meeting media, and support for multiple congregations and/or groups using the same computer account.

::: info Note

M³ used to be known as JWMMF (JW Meeting Media Fetcher), but was renamed in May 2022.

:::

## Why choose M³? {#why-choose-m3}

M³ is the ultimate tool for managing meeting media, offering a seamless, reliable, and feature-rich experience across platforms.

### Key benefits {#key-benefits}

- **Effortless media presentation**: Presenting media at its finest — just open M³ and everything works. No complex setup or extra steps required.

- **Multi-congregation support**: Manage settings for multiple congregations or groups easily within a single application.

- **Advanced features**: Easily add extra media, and automatically share what goes on at the Kingdom Hall with participants on Zoom.

- **Optimized cross-platform performance**: Enjoy a smooth and responsive experience on Windows, macOS, and Linux, even on older systems or computers with limited resources.

- **Reliable and stable**: Built to perform when you need it most. Encounter a bug? Report it, and it will be addressed promptly.

## What can M³ do? {#what-can-m3-do}

In short, M³ allows you to easily and automatically download, synchronize, share and present all meeting media.

For **hybrid** or **in-person** congregation meetings, the integrated media presentation mode has all the features needed to simplify the task of sharing media with the congregation, including:

- Media thumbnails with the ability to zoom and pan, as well as set custom start and end times for media
- Easy-to-use pause/play/stop buttons to manage playback of media files
- Easy background music playback, with automatic stop before the start of regularly scheduled meetings
- Automatic external monitor recognition and management
- OBS Studio integration with automatic scene switching during media presentation
- Presenting the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses website on an external monitor
- Import JWPUB files, JWLPLAYLIST files and videos from the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses in a few clicks.
- Import Study Bible media and audio recordings of the New World Translation of the Bible in seconds.
- Always have a public talks media overview (S-34) one click away and ready to be used any minute you need it.
- Custom videos, pictures, audio files and even PDF files can be easily imported too!

**Give M³ a try today and see for yourself what it can do! Presenting media at congregation meetings has never been easier.**

![M³ preview](./../assets/m3-preview.png)

## Does M³ work in my language? {#does-m3-work-in-my-language}

**Yes!** Media for meetings of Jehovah's Witnesses can be automatically downloaded in any of the hundreds of language that are available on the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses. The list of available languages is dynamically updated; all you need to do is select which one you need.

In addition, M³ itself has been translated into several languages by many volunteers; you can therefore configure the language you would like to be displayed in M³'s interface.
