docs/src/en/index.md, before:

---
# https://vitepress.dev/reference/default-theme-home-page
layout: home

hero:
  name: 'M³ documentation'
  text: 'Help to set up and use Meeting Media Manager'
  image: /logo.svg
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Install M³
      link: /using-at-a-kingdom-hall#download-and-install
    - theme: alt
      text: Using at a Kingdom Hall
      link: /using-at-a-kingdom-hall
    - theme: alt
      text: About
      link: /about
features:
  - icon: 🚀
    title: Automatic media downloads
    details: Automatically downloads pictures and videos for congregation meetings in any language available on the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.
  - icon: 🎦
    title: Media presenting
    details: Allows to easily share media during hybrid or in-person meetings.
  - icon: 🎵
    title: Background music
    details: Plays background music automatically. Stops playback before the meeting starts. Background music can be restarted in one click after the meeting.
  - icon: 🖥️
    title: External monitor support
    details: Automatically detects and manages external monitors for smooth media presentations.
  - icon: 🌐
    title: Multiple languages
    details: Download meeting media in hundreds of languages and use M³'s interface in any of the many available languages.
  - icon: 🧩
    title: OBS Studio Integration
    details: Integrates with OBS Studio for enhanced media management and presenting capabilities.
---

Commit message:

refactor: update and enhance documentation
- Updated the "about" section in the documentation to provide a more comprehensive overview of M³'s features and capabilities.
- Introduced new user and settings guides to assist users in navigating the application effectively.

docs/src/en/index.md, after:

---
# https://vitepress.dev/reference/default-theme-home-page
layout: home

hero:
  name: 'M³ Documentation'
  text: 'Complete guide to setting up and using Meeting Media Manager'
  image: /logo.svg
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: About
      link: /about
    - theme: brand
      text: User Guide
      link: /user-guide
    - theme: brand
      text: Settings Guide
      link: /settings-guide
    - theme: brand  
      text: FAQ
      link: /faq

features:
  - icon: 🚀
    title: Automatic Media Management
    details: Automatically downloads and organizes pictures and videos for congregation meetings in any language available on the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.
  - icon: 🎦
    title: Media Presentation
    details: Present media with ease during hybrid or in-person meetings with advanced controls, zoom/pan capabilities, and custom timing options.
  - icon: 🎵
    title: Background Music System
    details: Intelligent background music that automatically stops before meetings start and can be restarted with one click after meetings.
  - icon: 🖥️
    title: Multi-Monitor Support
    details: Automatically detects and manages external monitors for seamless media presentations and website sharing.
  - icon: 🌐
    title: Multi-Language Support
    details: Download meeting media in hundreds of languages and use M³'s interface in any of the many available languages.
  - icon: 🧩
    title: Integrations
    details: Seamlessly integrates with Zoom or OBS Studio for enhanced media management and playback during meetings.
  - icon: 📁
    title: Folder Monitoring
    details: Automatically sync media from watched folders (like Dropbox or OneDrive) and export media to folders.
  - icon: 🎯
    title: Advanced Features
    details: Import custom media, JWPUB files, playlists, audio Bible recordings, and manage multiple congregations.
---
